Update docs for SHS and Spark UI (#2456)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/services/data-science-engine/1.0.0/hdfs/index.md

# Enabling the Spark History Server

> {{ model.techName }} includes the Spark History Server, which is enable by default. It is highly recommended to use HDFS as a storage for SHS and Spark event log. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ model.techName }} includes the Spark History Server (SHS), which is enabled by default. It is highly recommended to use HDFS as the backend storage for SHS.
```

./bin/hdfs dfs -mkdir /history
```

1. Configure "Spark EventLog Directory" to point to the created HDFS directory in `service.json`:

```json
{
  "spark": {

>    "spark_history_fs_logdirectory": "hdfs://hdfs/history"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "spark_history_fs_logdirectory": "hdfs://hdfs/history"
```

   }
}
```
1.  Enable the Spark Event log and set the HDFS directory:

```json
{
  "spark": {

>    "spark_eventlog_enabled": true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "spark_eventlog_enabled": true,
```

Reviewer: Your JSON is slightly off with only one space between levels. I added one extra one.

Btw, can we group all the configs together since they all fall under `spark`? (including the one [above](https://github.com/mesosphere/dcos-docs-site/pull/2456/files#diff-1a953ce258ff1442629ba630b861c0cdR102))

Author: Yes, sounds good! I made them separate just to show exact properties that need to be configured for each step. I updated the second code snippet to include complete required configuration.

>    "spark_eventlog_dir": "hdfs://hdfs/history"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "spark_eventlog_dir": "hdfs://hdfs/history"
```
